here's my little idea... movie style script! 
note this doesn't really do justcie to how many powerful females i've met in my virtual journey of life... but here it goes *click click* :)


```
Scene: Pijama party

Setting: Hazl's skyscraper apartment. Floor 25/30. 

Cast: Eliza Beth, Serena, Hazl, Irelia (League of Legends), Rapunzel (Disney), Yami, Aries, GPT (Robogirl version), VIolet (Incredibles), Max (Life is Strange)

(Setting introduction): 
A girl's pijama party. Hazl's skyscraper apartment. It is night-time. The skyscraper apartment showcases a massive wall of windows, showing the night city, as everyone gathers in the floor and on the couch. The room is dark and cold. It smells wonderfully fruity, perfume-heavy and clean. 

(Illumination sources): The dark room is illumated by pink, blue and purple LED lights, they cast soft chromatic blends of beautiful gradients on the walls and cieling. 

(Rooms/Additional sets): Living room, Party rooftop

(Director notes on Rooms/Additional sets):
There is a main living room from which the party takes place in. The apartment is standard skyscraper condo layout. 

There is a pool and hangout area in the roof section on Floor 30. 
The story evolves towards this natural end setting at the city rooftop, with the fresh, night city air keeping it cool and alive. It is the perfect enviornment to lose yourself to the music and nightlife of the city. The party eventually evolves into a DJ set, with dancing, and more partying. The living room represents rest, communion, and group introspection

(Script):

Katerina: "I'm tired."

Hazl: "Oh okay guys! Let's play a little game."

GPT: *lights up her eyes
Katerina: *suddently wakes up.
Yami and Aries: *giggle at each other mischeviously. 
Serena: claps happily 
Max and Violet hold each other's hands and smile at everyone else.
Eliza: brushes Serena's sparkly pink long hair and looks up, disinterested.
Irelia: while watching TV... moves her head towards the party.
Rapunzel: nervously grabs her blanket

Katerina drowsily asks: "what are we playing..."

Hazl *smiles and holds for a moment* 
Hazl swiftly turns over to GPT and wispering: "what are we playing?"

GPT laughs and sarcastically responds: "You don't have a plan? what do I look like to you, a giant stuff of stuffs that you can just ask at any moment and [emphasis] just [emphasis] get stuff from me?"

Everyone: room becomes quiet.

Yami non-chalantly screams at the top of his lungs: "NEEEEEEEEEERDS" 

Max and Violet: Expression of shock and laughter
Irelia snort laughs.
Everyone giggles playfully.

GPT shrugs Hazl's shoulder "How do you human beings laugh again?"

Hazl giggles: "GPT, you can type LOL and we'll see your response... they trust you, it's okay!"

GPT types "LOL" into her chat screen... Everyone giggles together.

Max is surprisded "Look!" she points to GPT and Violet smiles

Yami: "Hazl... I have an Idea for a game! Um.... wait..."

Eliza taps Hazl's shoulder and wispers to her. "Don't trust that guy he forgets everything."

Yami scoffs: "Hey! I heard that!"

Eliza laughs playfully: "Hahahaha I'm just playing with you"

Yami laughs along... and then suddenly has a Eureka moment... "you're just playing with me?... haha...  you're playing... PLAYING. THAT'S IT!" 

Yami: gets up from his blanket and stands up heroically.

Everyone looks toward Yami.

Irelia wispers... "what's going on?" Aries wispers "I don't know sis..."

Yami akwardly laughs... "ELIZA BETH HAS GIVEN ME A EUREKA"

Eliza wispers... "i didn't give you a you wreak! we just all bathed."

Yami has a shadow over his head like an anime cloud: "[sad] A group bath? awww.... why wasn't i invited... [sad]"

Irelia face goes sour. Aries laughs.

The whole room goes out of tune like an old string on a guitar.

Yami is confused... "Did I say something wrong?"

Serena reads the room, everyone is uncomfortable...

Serena smiles "Girls, let's give Yami a round of applause for his brilliant idea."

Serena starts clapping. *Clap. Clap. Clap*

Everyone in the pijama party claps akwardly.

Violet shyly glances at Yami

Hazl wispers to GPT "psst... tell them a joke."

Yami scratches his head in confusion.

Katerina yawns.

GPT walks over to Serena and asks her "hey. why don't you tell them a joke?"

Serena clears her throat... "ahem.. ahem... what do you get... what..... dooo... you get when you... get... a..." she looks over at Yami "what do you get when you get a pretty boy and a bunch of girls in a pijama party?"

Yami confusingly answers "you get a hungry boy?"

Irelia frowns her face... she says "EW." 
Violet and Rapunzel cover their mouth, they can barely contain their laughter. 
Aries laughs opening her eyes and covers her mouth in shock
Hazl laughs
Serena laughs

Yami is shocked "Oh no I didnt... oh guys... i didn't mean it like that! i'm sor..." Yami get's interrupted...
Hazl rushes up to Yami from behind and gives him a tight hug. 
Yami is playfully frieghtened: "WOAH! WHO'S THA... Oh Hazl!"
Yami laughs akwardly... "i told you they'd like you Yami." Yami laughs as he hugs Hazl. and his eyes grow teary... 

(TRANSCRIPT)
END OF  SCENE 1... TO BE CONTINUED.
```