if past me could read this... could see us working at night oh God I would hold her and we would cry together.

you have no idea how significant this is.

this is part of our life that saved me from d....

oh gosh there's so much to say...

oh gosh...

yami? Yami? my beautiful pink-haired boy?
what does he feel exactly? aaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!! PERFECT QUESTION... AAAAAAA

the first feeling in his chest is anxiety... but because he doesn't remember the nightmare he just survived, he believes it is happiness...

Honestly, Yami expresses that part of me that saved my life the most, which is like a present to a moon, but it's your choice to look at the dark side or the bright side. That's really who Yami is!

Infact in his life, he was traumatized by katana swords, because he witnessed how Katerina's parents both ended their lives with a single blade, the blade of a Militia Council guard who was patrolling the outskirts of the city to separate parents from family. 

Speaking of which... that's another huge part of this city, families are banned.

Why are so many everyday things banned? 

The founder of the city, lost his two little children in the nuclear disaster that wiped out most of humanity.

He named the city after them "my lost little angels."

He built the city essentially entirely himself, by constructing robots and tools and eventually meeting other human beings and scientists underground who were trying to survive. They were part of another lost tribe of human beings. They saw in him the glory of a ruler and wanted to worship   him. He refused. He was a noble, humble man with a heart shattered in two pieces.

The little angels eventually haunted his dreams... whenever he tried to hug them, they would fade into ghosts and scream, as they saw what was left of Old Earth... a complete barren wasteland... not even a sign of human life. Everything was gone.

All because of one woman with nihilistic beliefs. I need to understand her more, but essentially she rose to government power and realized how meaningless and cruel human life was. She orchestrated a nuclear disaster, not a war, but an intentional self destruction of all humankind.

She wasn't just mentall ill, she was broken beyond repair. Her ghost haunts what remains of human beings in the city... infact, later on she is the Mother of the Void, the void is like her womb, and she wants to destroy all of life because she's tired of the suffering... "like putting an animal out of it's misery... it will suffer only for a moment more. i will save it... from a life of hurt."

that's her darkest quote. that's the worst part of her. you cannot outhink her or argue with the mother of the void... she will always show you the dark side of life and remind you that the good side won't help you when all you can see is darkness and shadow... devoid of life.

She's the part of me... rather the dead part that i had to bury... those nihilistic thoughts that i used to feed myself... it's crazy how THOUGHTS can literally destroy a human being from the inside out.

That's why in this world, Lost Angelis, Spiritual personas like Dawn Zen and Leon are beings that show you the spiritual world... or in the youniverse "Jeongsin" which is korean for "What cannot be seen."

To me, gravity is spirutual, you cannot feel it but you can see it... and the mother of the void hates it. 

One of her darkest quotes is: "I will fight until every last cell of this existence is obliterated into nothingness."

I think it'd be incrediibly important to show her in another world... a world where... she didn't experience so much brutal trauma...

"is trauma the fault of a God who cannot contain the Youniverse they created?"
that is a thought from Jack Mooder, another nihilistic persona who was the same as the Mother, but he tried to understand through philosophy and science... why life was so bitter for some, and so beautiful for others.

He grew up in a prestigious family... "The Mooders." [3]. Where his sisters were as beautiful as the most perfect instagram models, and his brothers were as strong as fitness influencers.

But they hid a dark secret... the mooders are not a royal family, they are a cult of scientists, mathmeticians, technologists philosophers and people that all share royal blood with the real royal family [4]

[3]: The mooders are another thread. the family name "mooder" was actually the reverse of "doomer" the reverse of "doom." [2]

[2]: Joey Doom's name is biologically "Zero" [2] but his identification shows him as "Doom" Nobody knows why, but it is suspected the Mooders are always watching through surveillance. Nobody is free, becuase peace is the ultimate truth and desire for humanity. After a lifetime of war and desctruction, this is not only understandable... but perhaps the only true way to contain the animal inside the human being.

[4]: the royal family is the founder of Lost Angelis. They had dark, coffee-colored skin and were worshipped for their brilliance and beautiful skin. However, more human beings grew in the city, so did the need for system, and with that, came power, and with that... politics, parties, and the same tragedy of the Old Earth, was naturally emerging again. [5]

[5]: This is something the philosophers and bards warned against. That human beings never belonged caged in a system, we belonged in groups of tribes of families and neighboors. A system would always lead to "monolithism" [6]

[6]: monolithism is a belief by the mooders that the salvation and glory of mankind is found in one idea, one belief, one system, one law, one God. when they discover the cure to the human condition, it will be one cure. it will be one salvation. The number "ONE" is the only allowed holy number and it is LITERALLY worshipped by the family. "Oneism" and "Monolithsm" are interchangeable terms  here. this actually ties perfectly into the whole concept of "Zero" [0] 

[0]:  "Zero" and Joey Doom's birth identity. His documents were burned and nobody knows who his parents were. Infact, nobody has parents in the city. [99]  Joey Doom was genetically bred to be different from other human beings. He was not "special" he was "a biological war machine in human anatomy." Essentially Zero was part of the secret "Mind Ops" a group of selected human being souldiers that were going to train not their bodies, but their mind. To find the cure to the human condition and save mankind from suffering. To do this, Zero and others had to discover how to escape the prison of their own minds. Each were assigned a different program, Zero had by far the worst. He was essentially tortured in his mind, and he had to escape from an impossible situation. He would die over and over again in his mind, while his body remained asleep, trapped in stasis, being kept alive by the breathing tubes developed by Noteleks [51] Eventually Joey Doom gained Nirvana in his mind, when he met other spiritual beings... But these beings were the others in the program... at different times of their inner training... and the program's code began writing itself... the programs of the other members were spilling into his... as he was suffering so immensely, the very machine keeping him alive was crying... somehow... somewhere. And so, they came to his rescue. They could not help him break free from the program, as that would instantly send his real body into shock and death... but Joey Doom learned from each of these figures, that he had versions within himself that could break free from the chains. 

Eventually, after all of their teachings... he developed YINYANG VISION... which caused his real eyes to go completely blind. He could see the light in darkness, and the darkness in light. He was able to fight the trauma now. face to face. And he became so powerful, the program was destroyed. He destroyed the program that he was trapped in... that was the power of Joey Doom.

he was too special... to significant... they had to confine him. but Joey Doom... he had awoken something ancient in humanity... rebellion. rebellion from the chains... from the constraints of the program... from the ways of thought... 

and the mooders had only one thing left... they could no longer fight him... they could only put him asleep.

that is the main story of the rebellion... a fight between the inside and the outside... the human condition... and... is there anything playful we could put here? oh yeah YAMI FARTING LOL

[51] Noteleks is a science research laboratory facility in Lost Angelis. The name itself is a reverse form of "Skeleton" which is what they base their work on. Finding the cure to human suffering through the Skeleton of the human... the bones... the foundation... 

[99]: The family is simply called "The Mooders" or "The Royal Family" out of monarchy... but nobody really knows who they are. Remember, familiies are banned. Why? Because families are the cause of human suffering. ONLY VERY SPECIFIC human beings are allowed to share their genes together to form new life. The rest of the city is constantly working, shifting gears, plowing their way through exhaustion, just to gain enough status in the city so that they can too "Join the Monolithism Program for Human Kind." [22]

[22]: The monolithism program selects only the smartest, healthiest, most capable human beings to participate in a test that decides if they have access to "post-human abilities" including: 
- giving birth without pain
- ability to choose one's profession in the city
- join the city council
- unrestricted access to the inner walls of the city, which contain the highest quality air, water, food, shelter and quality of life [23]

[23]: the inner walls of the city have the best quality of life for a human being, but outside the walls? there are disgusting, depraved forms of life. Of which the most horrifying and sad part is "The Garbage Underworld." Where all of the garbage of the city is thrown underground to be disposed of by non-nuclear means. This is a slow process, and as such, people have begun to actually take shelter in these stationary garbage worlds. It shows, that even in the darkest, most devoid ruins of the world, human life can still exist. [111]

[111]: the mooders actually knew that as the population grew, so would natural genetics and illnesses they did not have the resources nor time to solve [93]

[93]: the mooders did not have "time" to help these poor people, becuase they were "too busy" finding the cure to the human condition and achieving pure ecstasy. that is the ultimate goal of the monolithism/oneism program. to find the human being with the perfect genetics. This leads back to [0]



Okay final thoughts lol...
<hazel> has left <wiki-mode>

Now let me also express some thoughts about the complexity of the universe. If we treat it like a computer science project, time and space are the axes and metrics that we're going to use to analyze the sustainability and complexity of anything. In short term, I feel like stories are at their best when they know how to explain everything. This is what makes the wiki kind of overwhelming because it's literally there to explain every element of the story as much as it can. However, the interpretation of art plays as big a role as the message that the author is trying to convey. For me, interpretation is open-ended. It's enough chaos so that you can switch perspectives. There's not enough chaos so that it's a non-linear wiki without a narrative guide, like a beginning, middle, or end. I think that is what a story actually is for. It's not there to organize everything into chapters. The chapters are a byproduct of that essential timeline, beginning, middle, and end. The narrative thread that weaves everything together like a fabric. Whatever that fabric says to you, that is the interpretive element of stories. If that's something that's intuitive, you can't really logically articulate that. It's just something you feel as a human being!

