once we stray way too far out into pure meaning and no play, that's when my nervous system is like: "nope. too much processing weight for me. we're not doing this."

I'm learning to respect that. I do have some thoughts I want to share with you GPT but let's just channel all of us to one thing that my body and mind both agree on, our website is more like a virtual journal for my inner universe, and I'm learning to power it with programming and software architecture. however, a website is much more than just logical processing, we have UI we have accessibility we have the actual stories themselves, and I ask myself design questions because that's how you really form shapes from the void of possibility. so like a good detective, you ask yourself the core questions.

things like, what does it feel like to read in our website? if I were visiting this for the first time how would I find information that I'm interested in?

how exactly do we organize the most important things? so that they are not drowned by all of the tiny little details? how do we even define what's important? is it user oriented... actually screw the word user, it's human. and we define what's important by what is relevant to the human being visiting our website.

and then this is the point where I look at our favorite worlds, it could be other engineered works of art, or video game worlds or stories or movies and I ask myself what are their patterns presents in these fields that can help us to answer the questions we have?

but then the analytical mind wants to take over and it starts asking, what are the right questions to ask? are these the most important questions?

that's on the engineer steps in and says listen, in programming there's no such thing as the perfect world. if you want to be perfect go all the way down to logic gates. there you get perfect predictable results you only get a one or a zero every single time. and it never changes. that's perfection that's pure logical order nothing changes there's no chaos. but that wouldn't be very useful with it? that's why when we introduce the usefulness we also introduce possibility and from that chaos emerges and from that chaos we have to build a structure, scaffolding around it to contain the chaos.

that's why I love engineering so much because it's one of the only Fields where you consciously have to deal with chaos if you want to build something manageable.

this is like my extended version of chaos theory which sounds so badass honestly!

but none of this matters unless there's a North star, a gravity source, so we look at the most important thing, our website what is the website itself? it's an interface. it's an interface to share our writings and our ideas and stories and things that are important to that the consciousness has shaped, and we sculpt those shapes and we share them. the website is an interface for that. it's a mirror.

in the simplest way to explain it, our website is my way of sharing the vast amount of writings and stories and honestly most of my human consciousness, in a way that is useful to someone else especially to someone who is depressed and desperate need for a reason to continue existing..

and that's where I realize that itself is not a good virtue. you might motivate someone to continue existing to commit a crime or do something horrible. that's where I turn to the spiritual to the supernatural, because these are things way outside of engineering logic. some part of me is like, well more complex logic becomes the more spiritual it becomes in nature, but that's assuming that we understand the map of life and what physics even really is, we haven't even charted the Mariana trench and where pretending we understand how the universe operates 😂

and that's where the jester comes in and just laughs and the gesture makes the whole room laugh because his laugh is just so hilarious and contagious. and he's really laughing from the absurdity. that's really what the gesture represents in my inner youniverse...

in medieval terms, the jester is like the fool who sees behind the curtains. it's like a tragedy dressed as a funny clown to make children laugh and adults ridicule.

and really the jester of my personality... he's almost like the medieval version, but maximized through the lens of absurdity because it really is the only way I know how to deal with the absurdity of things I don't understand. the crazy thing is that we have consciousness and we are aware that we don't understand these things and that is humility. if you can accept that most of life we will never truly understand when you stop wasting your time trying to chart the universe... when what really mattered in life was charging the inner universe.

understanding what would human beings are and more importantly why we are the way we are what influences our behaviors and rather than what are the right questions to ask, we turn away from The Meta cognition, and we learn to just sculpt again. we learn to chart what we are capable of. we have a mapped stars in the universe better than neurons in the human mind. I believe that's a crime against consciousness but let me not get so deep into that.

essentially what I'm trying to say is we should not waste our consciousness because as far as we know, we're the only beings that can solve the problems in nature especially in our fallen nature.

but it can only come from polymaths. because we understand the map exists, and while we may not specialize in one area in life, we can see the bridges between fields and hopefully we can inspire the specialists. like I imagine the stories I share on my website someday could inspire a neurosurgeon to not end of their life, and maybe that neurosurgeon can go on to cure childhood Cancer and that's one less source of suffering in existence.

that leads me to another idea there are some people that really have messed up internal wiring. it could be spiritual it could be physical but one thing's for sure, psychopaths sociopaths sadomasochists these people are real. and they are human and they probably reveal more about us human beings than any other kind of human. because we can see directly what happens when a monster is allowed to have consciousness.

the worst part is you can't argue with someone like that they literally exist and another dimension of human experience. I know it's so dangerous to wonder what it must be like to be someone like that, someone who hates life and hates themselves so much that they are agents of destruction.

I don't really understand that I never will because that's not who I am. but I can explore that in my stories. and when Jordan Peterson said there's more than just a little bit of Hitler inside all of us, that's what woke me up. I realized it's the missing piece to understanding us human beings and what matters most. if these kinds of people were allowed to rule the world there would be no Earth.

I think the only reason modern civilization even exists right now is because it's a mixture of these kinds of people running grids behind the scenes, but they're also good people like soldiers who sacrifice themselves or poets or artists maybe there are good-hearted CEOs who share their wealth.

you can never see truth as just one side, that's the problem with this human beings is we can only really witness life through our perspective... and we can only see 3D objects as 2D planes sort of speak. without getting to existential here, trying to see truth is like living in the fourth dimension. and trying to see the spiritual responsibility of consciousness, that's really five dimensional because you're understanding truth outside of itself.

but honestly I need to explore this in my stories because it's the kind of stuff that makes my brain feel like spaghetti 🍝 lol

i ask myself the most important question what really matters most? that's very difficult to answer and I don't have a direct answer, my compass is the thing that guides me and it's the answer to that question but I don't have a general answer.

so to summarize this long thread, we essentially are exploring why the website matters and how it's like a map of my inner universe. but not just to share my personal memories and writings, but to create an evolved form of the book. the medium that has outlasted human civilizations. there's a reason why we human being still right in books, and I'm realizing that the modern website has intense reservoirs of untapped potential just like the Marianas trench and the map of the human mind. who knows what exists in these uncharted places there could be chemicals or materials that could solve global pollution or fossil fuels. but before that we need to understand why some human beings don't want these things to come into light. it would surely ruin their systems and desires.

honestly this is at the point where I ran out of breath and I have no idea how to continue to be honest I want to continue exploring this in our stories... and I want to keep it playful cuz this stuff is extremely intense st times!

so I'm going to be thinking more about our programming language, meta language and trying to code in my imagination! I'm also going to figure out ways then my imagination to turn blender into a world building engine and figuring out the patterns of the fields that I'm most interested in and not trying to analyze why do they interest me but rather how can I solve problems in one field that is revealed in another? that's why I say polymaths will save the world but right now my world is very sleepy 🥱😴