Jaeyden struggled with this constantly. He felt inferior to women. How could he possibly approach a beautiful girl like Eliza Beth? His stomach turned inside out. His knees collapsed. Gravity made him naseurous.

How did Jaeydn solve this? How did he conquer the anxeity in him that stopped him from living a full life?

He went to his internal hell.

It nearly destroyed him.

There he realized that Eliza was beeautiful on the outside, but on the inside, she was just as broken as him.

He realized if he remained weak in his life, he could not protect her. He wanted to make her his wife. And turn her into a mother.

How could he possibly do that if he was too frail to even exercise?

"The mind... I've gotta start there... train the mind... fight against the demons. Shadow box. Meditate. Reflect. Remember."

Visions of his own personal hell were so terrible that we are not allowed to describe them without a warning. 

He saw Eliza's body being ripped to shreds, as demons and evil men took her innocence. All he could do was watch. As opportunities fade, and as time passes.

He realized then, this horrific vision, was the only thing that could conquer the fear within him. 

He exercised, even when his body collapsed. He trained and trained, harder than Joey Doom. Doom was a role-model, a mysterious strange person that seemed to be a chaotic psychopath on the outside, but on the inside, Jaeydn understood him now. Through pain, they were brothers. Connected.

Yami helped Jaeydn to balance the rage and evil within him... with kindness and love. "I used to think you were just a gay boy, until I saw you fight head-to-head with Doom. Where'd you learn to fight like that man? I've gotta know."

Yami smiled "A gay boy? Haha. That must be because my mother taught me to fight." 
Jaeydn was confused: "Your mother?" 
Yami responded calmly: "My mother taught me to fight. She gave birth to me, and then died shortly after."
Jaeydn didn't know how to respond... the same anxiety stopped him... "..."
Yami looked at Jaeydn and smiled with his eyes closed: "You and me are the same Jaeydn. We both lost our parents. But we had to learn to fight."
Jaeydn: "So... how did your mom teach you to fight like that?"
Yami's smile faded as he pointed to his blind eye. "I can't see from this side. It's how I was born. She... gave her life for me to live... Nobody has ever been able to tell me why... and everyone in my life told me it was my fault... and that she hated me... and my father... he wanted to kill me the moment I took my first breath."
Yami smiles again. "But then i refused. I asked 'Mother, do you truly hate me?'" Jaeydn: "What did she say?"