Gender dysphoria is an incredibly chaotic and disturbing and distressing condition to live. It's almost as if it's completely imaginary and doesn't have control over itself. When I say living with it, I speak from personal experience. It's something you are born with or you develop, and that's completely outside of your control. But sampling the lessons learned from stoicism can't teach anything outside of you, and the only thing you can control is your attitude and your perspective and your actions. You can't even control the outcome of your actions. I'm also realizing the perspective with gender dysphoria is that, though it feels incredibly hallucinatory and disturbing to live with, you can find something good within even the most negative of situations (yin-yang theory)

Today we woke up nice and early and amidst our half-awake conscious state we realized something incredible that dysphoria gave us an opportunity to experience what real love is like and what that means is that can you love yourself even if you don't feel beautiful or fully yourself physically and I'm learning my way and accept myself but I can say that we've experienced what real love is like and it's not common. I don't love you just because you look beautiful but I love the person you are and that is what you tell someone that you love that is what real love is it's not conditional it doesn't change with perspective, or enviornment, it remains the same in all states. wether it's a liquid, a solid, a gas, plasma, or whatever form love may take... it's core doesn't change, even if it's form does. 

conditional love is something that changes when it's form changes. i think a good example of this, drawing from physics/chemistry is temperature. a liquid can be equally as hot wether it's water, or a gas. that's becuase there is a core attribute within it, even if it's form changes. 

love is like this cosmic anomaly that makes life worth living. that's what we've learned :) i'm greaful. i'm grateful :) even fi it hurts... it's hurt so much. it hurts every day to remove excess hair on our body, and sometimes it cuts and burns and hurts so much... and looking in the mirror is so hard without accessories and makeup, and it's so hard to go outside and feel strangers eyes all over you... but when you love someone, all of that evaporates... because you realize what matters most; matter is what matters most... matter is the most 'real' thing there is. and love puts into frame what matters most... and everything else, the BS of daily life, of our social constructs, of opinions, of judgement, even of evil... love cuts through the noise of life and gives you a channel to the frequency that harmonizes with your heart...

we could describe it as something like that :) that's what real love feels like. sometimes magical, sometimes challenging... and romantic love is like the sweetest harmony... but we're speaking about general love for human beings...

love clarifies what matters most... it reduces the resolution of the intense distractions of daily life, and you only have one thing to focus on: you're matter and you matter. 

i think we can call this symptom of real love, "ephemeral-significance"

:)  i love love. LOOOL WHAT. HAZL HAS JUST USED THE 'PARADOX' SPELL