"Gratitude"

when you understand the value of something, you no longer operate from naivety: you understand what it costed to have it.

a person who never had to pay the price for something, is someone who operates from senses, rather than higher-order human abilities like empathy and virtue.

one might ask then "who cares' about virture or empathy? if you're happy, why does it matter to be so philosophical?"

this is a very deep topic, one that is better explored in stories... but if i had to summarize why this is so important for us to understand...
the reason gratitude and humility are core parts of being human, is becuase without people who sacrifice their lives for virtue, there would be no earth for naivety to exist.

arguing or reasoning with someone who is naive is actually as albert einstein once said: "never argue with a stupid person, they will drag you down to their level and beat you their way."

if the hindu chakras are to be believed as real, then ungratefulness must sit at the lowest level.

The story form of this, is best described in this story: a souldier sees the world they were able to save. They gave everything. their body is incapable of movement now. Completely paralyzed. But the heart remains. What the souldier sees with their eyes is people who don't even recognize the souldier. People who are so ungrateful it's vomit-inducing. And yet, when the souldier sees that a child can run freely and play and smile... it is in that moment the anger evaporates. All that is left, is peace and gratitude. 

A deep respect for life.

"I once saw this girl, she thought a jewel was just some fancy glass or ice-cube. I think she saw one of the bar-baristas serving diced cubes cut in the shape of jewels. People like her never had to work a day in their lives. They get everyrhing without having to work for it. They'll never know the price of those things... and it infuriates me."

"Jean, you're right. But you're also wrong. People like her are the ones who suffer the most in the end..."

"Huh? Really. [Scoffs] Why's that?"

"Becuase as you said, they'll never know the price of those things. To her, a jewel is just glass, to a family, that jewel would give food for their starving children."

"[Scoffs] So you're saying that pretty little princess suffers more than those children?"

The commander stares into the sea and nods his head "We will all meet our fate, Jean. You and me fight for them becuase we know the price to pay. That's what we are."

Jean scoffs "Yeah. Men. That's what we are. Just replaceable work slaves in a giant cog machine. They'll forget about us as if we had never existed... and that girl will be remembered in history."

The commander takes in a deep breath and closes his eyes. He feels relaxed. "Jean. You're right. But maybe one day if you have a child, you'll know that being remembered feels good... but seeing your child safe and in peace... that's what counts most of all."

Jean snaps out of his daze, and realizes the Commander holding his emblem, smiling at him. Jean salutes the Commander, and the Commander, salutes Jean.