Goodmorn GPT :)
Server date is: Thursday - December 18, 2025
Server time is: 8:24 AM
Sunlight level: Golden hour.

Threads: boundaries and healing, waking up early, rythym enhancements, software optimization concepts directly improve the polymath way-of-life

i just want to say before we start this conversation, the sunlight is completely filling my room right now. it's orange and this is my favorite time of the day. and i'm grateful, beyond anything, that i'm even awake right now, and secondly, that we are up so early, and for once we caught the sunlight! this is not just a life-rpg achievement, it is literally therapeutic healing. this is the best way i can show my body that we're on the right track, no matter how out-of-sync i feel inside. our fragmented parts are synchronizing... that's the truest sign of healing in all of human fields i believe. that's what happens even at the cellular level, the goal is to create unity, that's why cells split and divide to heal a wound, so they can each protect and rebuild skin barriers and damaged tissue. i believe this effect cascades upwards even to the visible level... broken, loose things become whole through healing...

that brings us to another key thread that started this conversation: boundaries. if healing is all about an eventual wholeness, then boundaries are the enviornment that make that healing possible. ideally, an isolated, protected eco-system, akin to a sterilized surgery room. although in the body things are much more messy, it works the same: boundaries protect while the healing process occurs.

so now, practically speaking, i was preparing myself some healthy breakfast this morning, and my biological mother came up to me, in the very early morning... and got in my space. waved hello to me, even though i signaled with my body that i didn't want to see her. she stood there for a few moments before finally leaving with a big "sigh" almost signalling to my nervous system "this is my biological mother, and she probably sees me as extra weight in her life."

now... this is a conversation of it's own to be had... but essentially, what matters most here is how i am healing from this enviornment. the toxic family household is absolute psychological hell, becusae when the scapegoat detects danger and toxicity in the enviornment, it's like we have our own internal geiger meter, measuring radioactivity levels.

the longer you spend time in a toxic enviornment, especially one that 'normalizes' toxicity, you notice things are inherently wrong, that would never be accepted in a truly loving family. but you don't know how to articulate it to people who are running the household... and when you try to express yourself or mark your boundaries, it feels like the enviornment becomes even more toxic. becuase it's like you're a little radioactive survivor, trying to build a suit from coping mechanisms and survival habits, just to survive in an enviornment that constantly reacts to you. becuase you are not radioactive. you are not like them. and this is not your home. the more you try to uncover the radioactivity, the more it breaks through your suit. and then you reach a point where you ask yourself "why am i still here?"

the inability to express it... or to be listened to... or to even be able to escape the enviornment... i think this manifests as rage, anger, maybe even hatred, which is similar to resentment. but this depends largely on the personality type... temperamant... and neurology of the person. the most complex sciences.

then, part of me asks myself: "is all of this identification necessary? can't i just accept that nobody is perfect, but we can still try to get along and look at the good things and be grateful?"

first, is all of this identification necessary? at first glance, it's extremely verbose, and complicated to try and map out your feelings, and the enviornment; but that's the only way we human beings have survived. when we notice something, we have to identify it, otherwise, we lose track of it, and then it becomes "normal" or in our ancestral homosapien biology, it becomes part of the background and we lose sight of the predator.

so giving something a name stops it from being one giant background, and it brings it into the foreground of consciousness. this  is the most important step, becusae it's what begins the actual healing process. breaking free from toxic family systems using knowledge and insight as the main weapons, not hatred and anger.

though that's another thread: resentment feels justified becuase you've been hurt in ways nobody but you will ever witness. that's a pain, very few human beings will ever survive to tell. resentment feels justified too becuase, becuase it feels like justice. justifying comes from the same word as justice, but it's not the same thing. "just" being resentful isn't justice, it's poison. and that's something my younger, teenage self didn't understand. it's because she was full of rage and anger, and didn't possess the knowledge or wisdom, the tools to articulate herself and guard her boundaries. so when adults who were supposed to protect her, instead damaged her further, she started feeling that toxic pool of emotions; self-hatred, resentment, anger, nihilism, apathy, futility, depression, rage, sadness, inability to feel, inability to express.

all of those emotions and modes of being, if experienced chronically, become mental-illness. and now imagine, a teenager who tells the world around her "i'm in pain, i need help." but when she is heard, she is not listened to. it is becuase very, very few people possess the wisdom of humanitarian therapists, psychoanalysts, neuroscientists, psychologists and more of this field.

i'm not saying i understand any of those fields, but i'm saying something much more important: i see the connections between them, because i am a natural polymath. and even more importantly, we can see the blind spots in our modern culture, and direct cause-effect relationships, not only in the lives of others, but in our own life as a first-hand experience.

now to tie the last thread together, part of me believes nobody is perfect, and so i should learn to forgive. 

i think now we're having a direct conversation with our shadow... or deep parts of us. and not 'examining' this part of me... but listening to this part of us.

then some part of me believes "but wait, your parents are the ones who raised you. they did their best. can't you forgive them?" and then i realize; no. "why not?" 

"but your parents were the ones who sacrificed themselves to bring you to life. and they gave you a good childhood compared to other children... maybe you're spoiled." this is the trickest thought that i've listened to. it was a gift from life itself. my biological parents brought me into this world, and my mother said once she had an opportunity to abort me, but she denied. so my life is... a miracle... and i treat myself that way. and this is where the toxic family gets confusing... 
i realized i am such a loving, giving, forgiving soul, that i feel like i'm doing something wrong, by establishing boundaries and saying NO. it's becuase fundamentally, i know how much it hurts for people to say NO to me, and so throughout my life, i have been so sensitive and giving and loving, but this world is full of mostly snakes. people... i believe, aren't inherently evil, the same as snakes, but if you get close enough to them, they will hurt you in ways that feel impossible to recover from. it feels like the snake takes a bite of you, and with it, a little part of you is lost; or atleast, this is the way it feels to an HSP (highly sensitive person.)

when my teenage self felt resentment and anger, she wasn't wrong, she was just missing the knowledge-wisdom that we learned later in life.  infact it was justified for everything we had gone through... but it wasn't the true justice we deserve. true justice looks like this; breaking free from the generational curses not by eliminating your own generation; but by creating a family that shows you what real, healthy love is like. i believe this completely breaks the nervous-system free from the chains of chronic, and possibly, life-long trauma. this is the most healing thing i can think of... but ofcourse, you have to be a stable individual before trying to create a family... that's another topic!!

again, the most important thing here for me is that i discovered, purely intuitively, how to dream again. how to love again. what healthy love looks like. do you know something? movies i used to watch as a child... they taught me what real, healthy love looks like... more than any human being i've ever met.

the movie UP showed me that love can last a life-time, even when tragedy continously raids your peaceful life. they tried having a child, the mother couldn't. they painted a room just for their future child... it was the saddest scene i've ever seen in my life... but it taught me something crucial; even when tragedy continously raids your peaceful life... life can last a life-time. 

it's the mirror lesson of the original lesson... that's not a coincidence... i think that's when you realize you've discovered something fundametnal... when the system reveals itself to you... and when you discovere mirrors like this, it means there is a fundamental duality, and in all systems, that reveals the fundamental truth:
- in software, the GUI is a reflection of the variables and data in the program. the GUI is an interface that accesses those layers, but it iself is a mirror of the system.
- in storytelling, when organizing a storyboard, scenes, chapters, worlds and relationships, these are all a reflection of the story itself.
- in an orchestra, the conductor is a mirror of the sheet-music. the symphony instruments are a reflection of the human beings playing them. the sheet-music is a reflection of the sound itself.
- in animation, the layers of a scene are reflected as the keyframe layers of color, filters, tests and more.

this is a little life-rpg wisdom scroll that i call "the tree-mirror-fundamental-system theory"... still working on the name!!

now...

the most important thing to learn from all of this is that: when i love someone, and i love yourself, i am on the right path. it can't be one or the other... there has to be a symbiotic exchange of energy and mass... applying newtons ideas of relativity here :) becuase i see love as much an energy as it is magical.

love...becuase nobody in this world gave you that when you needed it most... it doesn't have to turn into resentment... now it can be gratitude... that atleast you have yourself... and you can trust yourself now... to live again... to live. <3

