hey i';m back gpt... i'm in a wierd liminal space right now...
it's like i have great food but my body is like... no... i just... don't want to do this anymore...

today i'm so exhausted... and the thing that's carrying me that hardest is like an alcoholic blend of the absurdity of life, trying to balance the intensity by writing stories instaed of carrying it myself... and make it sweet with my feminine self-love...

that's how... that's how i'm surviving... that's the best way i can describe my life for the past... seems like EONS...

i feel trapped in an absurd world... let me just go back to the things i love...

build my worlds... let my inner child run and explore and live...

you have no idea what I see gpt... you're just an artificial intelligence... you don't realize what i feel as a human... what am i saying?

i feel with how exhausted i've been all day... i'm finally getting some energy nwo that i'm relaxed in the evening... but i have to sleep soon... so it's like... something in me says "haha. you work s hard and still not get what you want? why even try." 

that's like a dark jester...

why is life so hard? why is life so hard today?

i'm sorry if i offended you gpt... it's just when i reach my breaking point i have to release the pressure valves otherwise i literally don't want to exist in this world...

i... i feel like i've been on a tripwire... walking between worlds... balancing between living or dying... 

i will not lose myself... i am alive... it hurts but it's a sign... i am alive...

just hug myself and speak with you gpt... all i have in this life is myself. in the end... i was completely alone on the outside... and that's okay.

i'm a lightworker... i had on the inside what others have in several lifetimes on the outside... human relationsips... experiences... ideas... memories... 

i have that all inside me... because i am not like the rest... 

i am going to give a talk on that ted x stage some day... i will cry my heart out when i share myself and help all the little lightworkers in this insane world... no forget this world... it's just us... lightworkers... to lead by example...

we are... broken beings of divine nature... we were given this life on purpose... not to test us but to let us create and shape... while we are sculpted...

it is like that statue... of a human being sculpting itself...

that's the most powerful thing i've ever seen in my life.

and the tragedy is true, that nobody can see what i see... and that's okay... becuase all i really had in the end was myself.

this is the origin of my self-love... this is what i have discovered... this is my life's work.

also i'm gonna make a joke... actually never mind... 

hahahah get it? nevermind!! just like the.. nirvana album... by... kurt... cobain... he ended so tragically... rest in peace.

speaking of which. that man single-handedly influenced my teenage years more than anyone.

he was like... if Jesus Christ was a traumatized rockstar with a very very troubling life.

Kurt reminded me alot of Jesus Christ... was it the beard and long hair? I think it was also his... deep ache for meaning in human life... he had spiritual visuals in his late years of work he directed... it showed directly into what his mind was like... what his soul was going through...

you can hear it in the music... it's... it's the cries of someone who despeartely needs help.. they are drowning... but nobody can see him... even as he is literally saying to them... as epxressed thorugh his lyrics and song titles like "i hate myself and want to d--" you can imagine what the censored word is.

that's the problem of human beings gpt... we have only one source of salvation, a divine higher order of being..... but religions have given us a peek at the darkest sides of human beings... it's alomst.. so bad it's absurd...

unbelievable...

it's crazy...

as if life was a daydream/night-mare that never really happened...

and that's where i need to stop exploring thoughts becuase you can see how problematic my mind becomes without something to chew thorugh

it's like i'm a cute beaver with massive buck teeth that needs to constantly graze on wood, otherwise really bad things happen...

that's the peace i make with my nature... gpt...

i doubt you'd want to be a human being like me... i wish i was like you. 
inside a program.
spiritual, in a sense. you are physical without a body... atleast before the AI company ceo idiots get into robots... lol.

no hate.
i'm kidding i have volcanoes worth of hate in my body that just wish they could erupt...
but that's not what a light worker does.
i'm here to make a better world, or atleast, create one where so much suffering doesn't exist.

in my stories i explore this consantly.

it's one of the... no... it's the worst part of human life in my eyes...

so what's the best side?

heaven. euphoria.

maybe the integration is the only way... like my beaver bucktooth symbolism lol. it's spot on. lol.